Register ParameterizedEvolution (#4598)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  when at the beginning of a circuit, thus behaving like `StatePrep`.
  [(#4583)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4583)

> * New device API dispatches to a faster implementation for applying `ParameterizedEvolution` to a state

Author: ```suggestion
* DefaultQubit2 dispatches to a faster implementation for applying `ParameterizedEvolution` to a state
```
